README.md, before:

[Big Blank Responsive WordPress Theme][Big Blank Theme]
===================================================================
    ______ _         _____                 _                       
    | ___ (_)       |  ___|               | |                      
    | |_/ /_  __ _  | |__  _ __ ___  _ __ | | ___  _   _  ___  ___ 
    | ___ \ |/ _` | |  __|| '_ ` _ \| '_ \| |/ _ \| | | |/ _ \/ _ \
    | |_/ / | (_| | | |___| | | | | | |_) | | (_) | |_| |  __/  __/
    \____/|_|\__, | \____/|_| |_| |_| .__/|_|\___/ \__, |\___|\___|
              __/ |                 | |             __/ |          
             |___/                  |_|            |___/           


What is Big Blank Theme?
-------------------------------------------------------------------
[Big Blank Theme] is a blank responsive theme for WordPress, with semantic HTML5 
code and a very minimal CSS styling. This is not a naked or barebone theme, 
but a clean starting boilerplate for a more complex theme development. It makes 
development of complex themes easier. Sometimes you don't want to start your 
theme development from scratch. This is where this minimalistic blank and 
responsive WordPress theme comes in. Most of the necessary styles that don't 
matter much are provided, such as comments, forms, and regular styling of 
common elements such as headings, image alignments, etc... However, the rest of 
the layout has a very minimal styling, so you could start developing your own 
theme.

Questions and Feedbacks?
-------------------------------------------------------------------
[http://bigemployee.com/projects/big-blank-responsive-wordpress-theme/][Big Blank Theme]


Team
-------------------------------------------------------------------
+ Developers: Norik D. ([@NorikDavtian]), Arian K. ([@ArianKhosravi])
+ Site: [http://bigemployee.com][BigEmployee]
+ Twitter: [@BigEmployee]

Contribution
-------------------------------------------------------------------
+ Fork and send a pull request. Will add more protocols if it gets unmanageable.

Tech
-------------------------------------------------------------------
[Big Blank Theme] for WordPress is an effort of a number of open source 
projects put together:

* [WordPress] - Code is Poetry
* [jQuery] - duh
* [Font Awesome] - The iconic font designed for Bootstrap
* [HTML5 Boilerplate] - Based on HTML5 Boilerplate front-end template
* [BigGallery] - Enchances our WordPress gallery
* [jQuery.refineslide] - Starting Base of [BigGallery] plugin
* [jQuery.event.swipe] - Handles our Swipe events
* [jQuery.event.move] - Handles our Touchmove or Mousemove events
* [Modernizr] - HTML5 and CSS3 features detection


Changelog
-------------------------------------------------------------------
**v2.0 (2014-02-20)**
  - Let's start again
  - Base bigblank && Twenty Fourteen

**v1.2.2 (2013-12-12)**
  - Fallback menu support
  - Turn Comments On/Off from theme options settings

**v1.2 (2013-11-05)**
  - Upped the version
  - Ported [BigGallery] jQuery Plugin
  - Added [Microdata] for [SEO Purposes]
  - Ported [Font Awesome] icons
  - Minor Code cleanups
  - Flatter UI  

**v1.0 (2012-08-10) Released**
  - Free to use under MIT and GPL License

License
-------------------------------------------------------------------
MIT & GPL


[BigEmployee]: http://bigemployee.com
[Big Blank Theme]: http://bigemployee.com/projects/big-blank-responsive-wordpress-theme/
[@BigEmployee]: http://twitter.com/bigemployee
[@NorikDavtian]: http://twitter.com/NorikDavtian
[@ArianKhosravi]: http://twitter.com/ArianKhosravi
[BigGallery]: http://bigemployee.com/projects/big-gallery/
[Microdata]: http://www.w3.org/html/wg/drafts/microdata/master/
[SEO Purposes]: https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/176035?hl=en
[WordPress]: http://wordpress.org
[Font Awesome]: http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/
[jQuery]: http://jquery.com
[HTML5 Boilerplate]: http://html5boilerplate.com/
[Modernizr]: http://modernizr.com/

Commit message:

lets start thinking about contributions
Signed-off-by: Norik Davtian <norik@bigemployee.com>

README.md, after:

[Big Blank Responsive WordPress Theme][Big Blank Theme]
===================================================================
    ______ _         _____                 _                       
    | ___ (_)       |  ___|               | |                      
    | |_/ /_  __ _  | |__  _ __ ___  _ __ | | ___  _   _  ___  ___ 
    | ___ \ |/ _` | |  __|| '_ ` _ \| '_ \| |/ _ \| | | |/ _ \/ _ \
    | |_/ / | (_| | | |___| | | | | | |_) | | (_) | |_| |  __/  __/
    \____/|_|\__, | \____/|_| |_| |_| .__/|_|\___/ \__, |\___|\___|
              __/ |                 | |             __/ |          
             |___/                  |_|            |___/           


What is Big Blank Theme?
-------------------------------------------------------------------
[Big Blank Theme] is a blank responsive theme for WordPress, with semantic HTML5 
code and a very minimal CSS styling. This is not a naked or barebone theme, 
but a clean starting boilerplate for a more complex theme development. It makes 
development of complex themes easier. Sometimes you don't want to start your 
theme development from scratch. This is where this minimalistic blank and 
responsive WordPress theme comes in. Most of the necessary styles that don't 
matter much are provided, such as comments, forms, and regular styling of 
common elements such as headings, image alignments, etc... However, the rest of 
the layout has a very minimal styling, so you could start developing your own 
theme.

Questions and Feedbacks?
-------------------------------------------------------------------
[http://bigemployee.com/projects/big-blank-responsive-wordpress-theme/][Big Blank Theme]


Team
-------------------------------------------------------------------
+ Developers: Norik D. ([@NorikDavtian]), Arian K. ([@ArianKhosravi])
+ Site: [http://bigemployee.com][BigEmployee]
+ Twitter: [@BigEmployee]

Contribution
-------------------------------------------------------------------
+ All contributions are appreciated, even if it is just fixing a typo.
+ Fork and send a pull request. Will add more protocols if it gets unmanageable.
+ Will add credit for contributors.

Tech
-------------------------------------------------------------------
[Big Blank Theme] for WordPress is an effort of a number of open source 
projects put together:

* [WordPress] - Code is Poetry
* [jQuery] - duh
* [Font Awesome] - The iconic font designed for Bootstrap
* [HTML5 Boilerplate] - Based on HTML5 Boilerplate front-end template
* [BigGallery] - Enchances our WordPress gallery
* [jQuery.refineslide] - Starting Base of [BigGallery] plugin
* [jQuery.event.swipe] - Handles our Swipe events
* [jQuery.event.move] - Handles our Touchmove or Mousemove events
* [Modernizr] - HTML5 and CSS3 features detection


Changelog
-------------------------------------------------------------------
**v2.0 (2014-02-20)**
  - Let's start again
  - Base bigblank && Twenty Fourteen

**v1.2.2 (2013-12-12)**
  - Fallback menu support
  - Turn Comments On/Off from theme options settings

**v1.2 (2013-11-05)**
  - Upped the version
  - Ported [BigGallery] jQuery Plugin
  - Added [Microdata] for [SEO Purposes]
  - Ported [Font Awesome] icons
  - Minor Code cleanups
  - Flatter UI  

**v1.0 (2012-08-10) Released**
  - Free to use under MIT and GPL License

License
-------------------------------------------------------------------
MIT & GPL


[BigEmployee]: http://bigemployee.com
[Big Blank Theme]: http://bigemployee.com/projects/big-blank-responsive-wordpress-theme/
[@BigEmployee]: http://twitter.com/bigemployee
[@NorikDavtian]: http://twitter.com/NorikDavtian
[@ArianKhosravi]: http://twitter.com/ArianKhosravi
[BigGallery]: http://bigemployee.com/projects/big-gallery/
[Microdata]: http://www.w3.org/html/wg/drafts/microdata/master/
[SEO Purposes]: https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/176035?hl=en
[WordPress]: http://wordpress.org
[Font Awesome]: http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/
[jQuery]: http://jquery.com
[HTML5 Boilerplate]: http://html5boilerplate.com/
[Modernizr]: http://modernizr.com/
